# Group 6

## Team Meeting [6] - Week [9] - [30-04-2024] (20:00-21:20)
**Absent:**
None
**Lead/scribe:**
Gennie/Lachlan

## Agreed Procedure
Stand up Procedure


## Agenda Items
| Number   |        Item |
|:---------|------------:|
| 1 | Share progress |
| 2 | Ask questions |

## Meeting Minutes
- Gennie noted that the tutors suggest implementing at least two easy, two medium and one hard custom feature
    - Discussing the addition of an avatar
- Discussing the use of Firestore vs real time database
    - Shared screen to look at the sign in code
- Gennie suggested sharing any info from tutors because it's useful
- Discussing the parser / grammar
    - Going to post on Ed a question about whether our grammar is complex enough
- Individuals are responsible for testing their own features from now on if they are not finished
- Returning to the database issue
    - Kai suggests that she will modify the SignInFragment to be compatible with the realtime database.
- Quick discussion regarding contribution, agreed that there are no worries and the work is split equally as it is now
- Reminder to approve merge requests tonight so that everything is up to date

## Action Items
| Task                                   | Assigned To |  Due Date  |
|:---------------------------------------|:-----------:|:----------:|
| Solve the firestore/realtime database/authentication problem |  Kai + Wikolia  | 01-05-2024 |
| Ask question about grammar on Ed  |  Lachie | 30-04-2024 |
| Edit UML on figma to reflect the change to createPost |  Wikolia   | 01-05-2024 |
| Kai | Testing Log in and Sign in | 01-05-2024 |
| Kai | Modifying sign-in to synchronise with the realtime database format | 01-05-2024 |

## Scribe Rotation
... will scribe next meeting
